document job specs (#277)
bacalhau-project/docs.bacalhau.org: docs/references/job-specification/network.md

---

sidebar_label: Network
---

# Network Specification

The `Network` object offers a method to specify the networking requirements of a `Task`. It defines the scope and constraints of the network connectivity based on the demands of the task.

## `Network` Parameters:

- **Type** `(string: "None")`: Indicates the network configuration's nature. There are several network modes available:
    - `None`: This mode implies that the task does not necessitate any networking capabilities.
    - `Full`: Specifies that the task mandates unrestricted, raw IP networking without any imposed filters.
    - `HTTP`: This mode constrains the task to only require HTTP networking with specific domains. In this model:
        - The job specifier puts forward a job, stipulating the domain(s) it intends to communicate with.
        - The compute provider assesses the inherent risk of the job based on these domains and bids accordingly.
        - At runtime, the network traffic remains strictly confined to the designated domain(s).

>       A typical command for this might resemble:
>       ```
>       bacalhau docker run —network=http —domain=crates.io —domain=github.com -i ipfs://Qmy1234myd4t4,dst=/code rust/compile
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
A typical command for this might resemble:
```
bacalhau docker run —network=http —domain=crates.io —domain=github.com -i ipfs://Qmy1234myd4t4,dst=/code rust/compile
```
:::
```

In addition to `tip`, there's info, warning etc. 
https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions

>       The primary risks for the compute provider center around possible violations of its terms, its hosting provider's terms, or even prevailing laws in its jurisdiction. This encompasses issues such as unauthorized access or distribution of illicit content and potential cyber-attacks.

Reviewer: Does this indentation force it to become a quote block? Is it intentional?

Author: not a quote block, but to align under Type -> HTTP bullet point
